passkey: add bulk PRF support and simplify the passkey API surface (#909)
breez/spark-sdk: docs/breez-sdk/src/guide/passkey.md

}
```

Replace `TEAMID` with your Apple Developer Team ID and `com.example.yourapp` with your bundle identifier. Your app must also declare the <a target="_blank" href="https://developer.apple.com/documentation/bundleresources/entitlements/com.apple.developer.associated-domains">Associated Domains</a> capability in Xcode (**Signing & Capabilities** → **Associated Domains** → `webcredentials:<your-rp-domain>`).

<div class="warning">
<h4>iOS / macOS: Associated Domains entitlement required</h4>

> Without the Associated Domains entitlement declared in Xcode, passkey operations on iOS / macOS will fail with a configuration error even though {{#name check_availability}} returns {{#enum PasskeyAvailability::Available}} (the OS-level check can't verify entitlements at runtime).

Reviewer: Nit: L122 uses the qualified `{{#name PasskeyClient.check_availability}}`; match it here.

```suggestion
Without the Associated Domains entitlement declared in Xcode, passkey operations on iOS / macOS will fail with a configuration error even though {{#name PasskeyClient.check_availability}} returns {{#enum PasskeyAvailability::Available}} (the OS-level check can't verify entitlements at runtime).
```

- **`userName`** (optional): Maps to the WebAuthn `user.name`. Treated as the user's unique identifier for the credential and shown in the OS account picker during sign-in. Pass a stable per-user value if each registration should surface as a distinct entry (Apple's Passwords app, in particular, dedupes credentials by `(rpId, user.name)`). Defaults to `rpName`. Registration-only.
- **`userDisplayName`** (optional): Maps to the WebAuthn `user.displayName`. The user-friendly label the OS / browser MAY (but is not required to) show in the picker; behavior varies by platform. Defaults to `userName`. Registration-only.
- **`breezApiKey`**: Your Breez API key. Used to authenticate to the Breez relay (<a target="_blank" href="https://github.com/nostr-protocol/nips/blob/master/42.md">NIP-42</a>) for label storage. Without an API key, label sync falls back to public relays only.

> - **`passkeyConfig`** (optional): Carries {{#name default_label}}, the label used when {{#name PasskeyClient.register}} / {{#name PasskeyClient.sign_in}} receive no label. Falls back to the SDK's internal `"Default"` when unset.

Reviewer: Lets use {#name parameter}

The SDK also implements <a target="_blank" href="https://github.com/nostr-protocol/nips/blob/master/65.md">NIP-65</a> to discover and publish to additional public relays for redundancy.

For custom PRF providers (CLI YubiKey, FIDO2, file-backed) or non-default {{#name PasskeyProvider}} options, see [PRF providers](./passkey_prf_providers.md).

### Checking passkey availability

Call {{#name PasskeyClient.check_availability}} before surfacing the passkey button. It probes OS support, PRF capability, and your domain association in one shot, so you can hide the option on incompatible devices (older Android / iOS) or surface a configuration error (missing entitlement, undeployed AASA) before the user runs into an opaque WebAuthn failure:

{{#tabs passkey:check-availability}}

## Onboarding

The recommended flow depends on the platform. Mobile uses a single-call unified flow backed by {{#name PasskeyClient.connect_with_passkey}}. Web uses two buttons (Sign In and Create Account) and lets the user pick. For explicit control over each path, call {{#name PasskeyClient.sign_in}} and {{#name PasskeyClient.register}} directly.

### Unified flow (mobile)

> One "Use Passkey" button backed by {{#name PasskeyClient.connect_with_passkey}}: silent sign-in for a returning user, automatic fall-through to registration on a fresh device. The response's `credential` field carries whichever credential signed in or was registered; the register path also fills the attestation fields (`aaguid`, `backupEligible`). See [Credential metadata](./passkey_credential_metadata.md) for using these.

Reviewer: Shared (mobile) prose, so use the language macros for these fields:

```suggestion
One "Use Passkey" button backed by {{#name PasskeyClient.connect_with_passkey}}: silent sign-in for a returning user, automatic fall-through to registration on a fresh device. The response's {{#name credential}} field carries whichever credential signed in or was registered; the register path also fills the attestation fields ({{#name aaguid}}, {{#name backup_eligible}}). See [Credential metadata](./passkey_credential_metadata.md) for using these.
```

> Internally the silent attempt pins `preferImmediatelyAvailableCredentials = true` so the OS fast-fails (no UI, sub-300ms on iOS / Android) when no local credential exists; only {{#enum PrfProviderError::CredentialNotFound}} flips to register, all other errors (`Cancel`, `Timeout`, `Configuration`) propagate unchanged.

Reviewer: `preferImmediatelyAvailableCredentials` is the request field; the macro renders it per language.

```suggestion
Internally the silent attempt pins {{#name prefer_immediately_available_credentials}} to true so the OS fast-fails (no UI, sub-300ms on iOS / Android) when no local credential exists; only {{#enum PrfProviderError::CredentialNotFound}} flips to register, all other errors (`Cancel`, `Timeout`, `Configuration`) propagate unchanged.
```

{{#tabs passkey:connect-with-passkey}}

### Two-button flow (web)

> `connect_with_passkey` is not surfaced on the WASM target. The unified flow needs a silent "no credential here" signal so it can fall through to register, and WebAuthn deliberately collapses that case into the same `NotAllowedError` as a user cancel for privacy reasons. There is no reliable way on web for the SDK to tell the two apart.

Reviewer: We're talking specifically about Wasm, so lets use `connectWithPasskey`

The recommended UX on web is two buttons: a **Sign In** button calling `signIn` and a separate **Create Account** button calling `register`. Let the user pick the right one instead of trying to auto-detect. See [Direct sign-in / register](#direct-sign-in--register) for the call shapes.

### Direct sign-in / register

> For finer control, call {{#name PasskeyClient.sign_in}} and {{#name PasskeyClient.register}} directly. Use this path when separating Sign-In and Create-Account flows, or when adding a new label on a returning user without going through `connect_with_passkey`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For finer control, call {{#name PasskeyClient.sign_in}} and {{#name PasskeyClient.register}} directly. Use this path when separating Sign-In and Create-Account flows, or when adding a new label on a returning user without going through {{#name PasskeyClient.connect_with_passkey}}.
```

Sign in to an existing credential:

{{#tabs passkey:sign-in}}

Register a fresh credential:

{{#tabs passkey:register-passkey}}

Pass `wallet.seed` to {{#name connect}} in either case.

### Error recovery

> The SDK collapses every passkey failure into seven actionable [`ErrorKind`](https://breez.github.io/spark-sdk/breez_sdk_spark/passkey/enum.ErrorKind.html) values: branching on `error.kind()` is the canonical recovery pattern:

Reviewer: `error.kind()` and `ErrorKind` are Rust-only: `kind()` is a bare `pub fn`, not `#[uniffi::export]`, so it isn't callable on Swift/Kotlin/Flutter/Go/Python/C#, and the Wasm path uses the typed `instanceof` classes instead. The per-language snippets confirm it (Swift/Kotlin/Python/Go all match `PrfProviderError` variants directly). Suggest keying this table on `{{#enum PrfProviderError::...}}` variants and presenting `error.kind()` / `ErrorKind` as a Rust-only convenience. While here, `excludeCredentials` (L166) becomes `{{#name exclude_credentials}}` and `NotAssociated` (L169) becomes `{{#enum PasskeyAvailability::NotAssociated}}`; the web exception classes on L172 are correctly left literal.
